Thanks no no hey bar the outside the
pole outside the pole and inside the
pole sound system as a flaw no
windscreen
and a heads a beautiful turn beautiful
ride boys that's beautiful
right just right dead straight perfect
three easy five that was wonderful
wonderful everybody do this once more
yes yes and then ideal isn't that idea
wonderful that's what you want so when
you practice this without the PO you do
thousands of these little jumps
cavaletti hi everyday boys everyday
practice cavalettis making the same turn
to save three straws it might be a
little shorter because it's a small tiny
jump but the system is the same once
more for more horses and those are what
I call a free stride turn that's a short
turn off about three strides which
everybody in the Grand Prix
international division does watch him on
TV watch him on YouTube what oh he
wasn't with you he wasn't with you that
was you saw there you saw it correct
then your horse went off to the left he
wasn't on the jump that was gags Snapple
sometimes those gags knock him off the
bridle that's the problem turning in a
gag you might want to use to listen his
attempt actually give me another rating
wait I wish we had another ray
in
yes in the jump off in the jump-offs
with horses that have a gag I've always
used to reins I used one in the first
round and then I use to reins for the
jump off because of that sometimes when
you pull the running hard
it has too much reaction in their mouth
with the gag so let's wait and get that
on the rein on and try it with two I
know I'm gonna be quick huh you'll be
quick huh next gallop
now downward transition right there
collect him there
yellow begin to collect him there
excellent
- transitions on the long wheel up and
down
yes that's a nice catch on the sterile
bit gallop and slow down collecting
Gallup collect it
whoa easy easy
nice job good gallopin and slow and
gallop
excellent
on the exercise and to transitions on
the long wall to I go back because
you've missed one already go back and
pull all the way down there I want to
times forward and slower forward and
slower galloping shortened gallop gallop
shorten the gallon wait
and not too short not too short just
just nicest little ones
stop him stop him stop him okay try to
catch that forward one there was one
there try to catch it with your eye and
don't pass on the forward one if you see
it yeah if you see it take it you know
what I need you understand go up a
little yep
that's it nice good job
perfect
good good perfect